i want a quick easy recipe absolutely
we're gonna do a fish gumbo using frozen
fish the good thing about this is we're
using a frozen fish mix
so we've got some haddock some cod and
some salmon really cost effective
no waste and obviously you'll get in
different types different varieties
all nice so all we've got to do is start
by prepping the veg
a gumbo is a thick stew originally from
the southern united states
it's a quick healthy and versatile dish
perfect for busy families basically with
a gumbo
as long as you start with pepper onion
and celery
from then you can sort of really mix and
match different flavors and use
different ingredients
nice and it's an easy way to get more
veg into kids
too you want to chuck yours in as well
not off
i love all these ingredients love them
look at that loads of veggie already
we've just started
and by cooking from scratch you can pick
and choose exactly how much goes in
and i'm going to put a teaspoon of
smoked paprika in there
that smells glorious chris next
he pours in tin tomatoes a can of water
crumbles in the stock cube and adds
kidney beans
i'm a big fan of beans okay you've got
fiber you got protein and of course part
your five a day
so we're packing this full of veg to
accompany the gumbo
chris is making a delicious and
nutritious kale and pumpkin seed pesto
[Music]
i think that's there really chris the
veggie's nice and soft
lovely greg can now add the mix of
frozen fish
give it a little stir around so it's all
submerged because we're sort of poaching
it
in our sauce all that's left to do is
add a couple of spoons of pesto
isn't that beautiful it is isn't it and
it's ready to serve
chris's gumbo is a quick nutritious
one-pot wonder
perfect for holly and the boys voila
i think that is glorious absolutely
glorious
[Music]
that is absolutely superb this has got
four of your five a day
it's got one of your two recommended
portions of fish that you should be
eating every week
in terms of cost just under two quid a
portion packed full of vegetables hardly
any fat at all
less than two quid mate champion it